---
---

I was part of a news crew doing a piece on a hospital that had very bad conditions for the patients living there (it was like a hotel for the sick). Everyone had curable but life-threatening diseases like tuberculosis. Apparently, them not being cured had something to do with everyone having COVID. Suddenly, I found myself living in the sick hotel along with one of my childhood friends. We both had what was called the "green and purple" illness. Everyone had recently been cured of COVID, so I guess the news thing was a flashback of what happened to me? I don't remember. Anyway, the green and purple illness causes your mouth to fill with a green and purple liquid, alternately. When I blew out of my mouth, I would leave a line of perfectly round dots that alternated between green and purple. So we went around the area near the sick hotel, spitting lines of green and purple and just hanging out during our last moments (there is no cure, and we would die in a couple of days). Since we would die regardless, we went into an abandoned radiation museum that was nearby to interact with deadly radiation. On the way there, we reached the last stage of green and purple, where it became yellow and red, still alternating but with more of each before switching. I recalled that in the past, when I was with the news, I had done a story on the radiation museum. We went in and touched contaminated bits of PPE (I guess it was a museum of artifacts from some cleanup of a nuclear disaster). We then went into the basement and saw the elephant's foot. My vision filled with static (am I a digital camera?) as we stumbled outside. Then we collapsed on the ground, puddles of green and purple covering the floor as we died.
