---
---

I went to an arcade/tech shop and I was walking around looking at things. All I remember is seeing lots of boxes for things I didn't about. When I got to the arcade cabinets, above them was a TV that was playing a music video. I apparently liked this song and associated it with arcade games so i pulled out my phone (from a very cute bag) and took a picture but the staff saw me and kicked me out. They were speaking Japanese so I guess I was in Japan? Anyway, this one lady picked me up and physically carried me out of the store. It was kinda nice because she held me like a princess in both her arms.

Later that day, Poweramp (a music player on android that hasn't received feature updates in years) got an update that added a minigame where you have to guess things about the artists in your library. It was a list of artists and below that a list of sentences like "at least one of them is trans", "they have released more than 10 songs that are not in my library", and you had to drag the sentences onto the artists. It wasn't hard because the sentences were worded such that you only had to be a certain amount correct, and you could freely drag the sentences to different artists to see how correct it was - it was more a game of trying to find a combination that was correct enough for all artists.
Anyway, once I successfully completed the game, it gave me a "trans bonus" for having trans artists in my library. I wanted to check if there was a Reddit thread about it but I couldn't find it in Google so I had to manually navigate to various subreddits. Also apparently Hackernews had shut down so I couldn't check there. I was a bit confused because I was using Brave instead of Firefox because of the new Ad tracking "feature" added in Firefox 128 (this one is real). I woke up before being able to find a thread about the minigame.
