---
---

I got an apartment with 128 MB of RAM. There was a gap in the back wall so I could dash like Mercenary from *Risk of Rain 2* into the next apartment, sort of like how you can clip through the gate on the cave in the Abyssal Depths map. Luckily I knew the guy who lived there, he was showing me an oil heater from china mall that could use as much power as a hotplate. He was saying that I wouldn't have to get a hotplate because I could cook on the heater. While he was talking, the heater started to glow red hot until it exploded, spilling oil everywhere and setting his apartment on fire. In order to escape the flames I dashed into the next apartment. apparently it was the guys previous apartment, and it was also very burnt, though this one had walls like a zig zag maze, and the floor was covered in burnt car seats with sharp bits of metal sticking out, so I had to dash to the end of each hallway where there was a lamp that would reset my dash cooldown. after I made it to the end, I dashed into the next apartment which was also owned by someone I knew. Their apartment was filled with old computers, I guess they were trying to upgrade their apartment's RAM? We talked about some stuff that happened in school (the person was from my primary school, but we talked about stuff that happened in high school?), I told them how I was a girl now and they said "Cool". By now the apartment should have stopped burning so I could dash back to mine (apparently they were insulated well enough that the insides of one room completely burning did not compromise the structural integrity the buildings nor spread the fire to adjacent rooms). Once I got back to mine, I realised that it felt a bit small, I guess it was the small amount of RAM that it had, so I called the domain controller (yes, not the landlord) to upgrade the RAM of my apartment.
