---
---

I was buying illegal drugs at a hidden store inside a grocery store. I was waiting in a very long line after picking up my drugs (bricks of mushrooms) (don't worry the line wasn't long enough to exit the drugstore so it was still hidden). There were a bunch of different blister packs of pills on a shelf that were labelled in their street names so I was talking about it with my friend and said that the street names sound like they were just made up to sell more drugs because the IUPAC names don't sound very flattering (who would want 3,4-methylsomethingthylate?). I think that was just regular drug store waiting in line small talk. Suddenly, a school bell-like alarm sounded, that meant the cover was blown and we should take what we can carry and run because the cops are about to show up. so I grabbed my two mushroom bricks and the pills that I was holding. After making it outside (no one got squished or pushed over), I slid the pills under one of the grocery shelves before realising that if I left it there then the cops would have my fingerprints and come looking for me. after fishing them back out I realised I had to find some place to hide them from the cops (but the mushrooms were fine? I don't understand dream logic). I found a label maker and hid the tablets behind the label for some bottled water. I took it to the cashier and paid in cash. It was R1.50 so I gave her R3 but she was new and didn't know how to operate the till yet so I showed her (I knew how because I had worked at this grocery store before). I fumbled the register and opened it when I meant to close it, it was an awkward interaction fuelled by my panic over the cops that were about to show up. I left the store but was then woken up by Caramel screaming at absolutely nothing. I love cats.
