---
---

I was in full dive VR and going through one of my old friends blogs. Each post was a mini game with developer commentary and you had to play them from newest to oldest.  
She was apparently a surgeon before but quit because of the horror of killing people, I remember a line of narration: "Most people assume everyone around them is happier than them, but I assure you they're not. I'm not happy, I thought I was cut out for being a surgeon - at least that's what they told me - but I'm not, I've killed people. people that would've been fine if I wasn't their surgeon. It haunts me every night."

Later, Elon musk kidnapped me because apparently I already died and my original body was stolen by someone. I think was a cyborg? Anyway he gave me a gun and had me do a shooting at a library.  
It was kinda fun actually because my cybernetic implants made it very hard to miss any shots.

Abroad in Japan opened a restaurant in a Dune themed area of Japan where a rich person spent over 600 billion into building a tiny island into a faithful recreation of the one of the planets. I went with one of my friends to one of the restaurants and we ordered steaks (how are these dune themed?). I ordered a A5 wagyu but then they wanted us to play a game with a consent form where you have to spell the other person's name correctly, and I kept misspelling my friend's name. But luckily I can reverse time in my dreams like [Max](https://life-is-strange.fandom.com/wiki/Maxine_Caulfield) so I kept trying. The lady at the counter seemed to be catching on to something happening because I moved my left hand weirdly. I eventually got it after like the 14th try but then I woke up. Thank you Sarah.
