---
---

I was in school, hanging out with my friends, but then a butterfly spawner landed on me and everyone ran away. It exploded and hundreds of monarch butterflies flew out. I don't know why everyone ran away because they were not harmful, just cool and numerous.

After that I found a part of the fence that did not have barbed wire so I jumped over, some other students saw me and also jumped, but it was near the office so the principal saw us and wrote something down about it. I jumped back over and saw that the school was having a stress test where every student changes classes at the same time. The doors to the playground were locked now so I had to jump over the counter of a stall that was selling sweets (it was built in an archway that led into the school). I stole a strawberry sweet (holy shit celeste reference) and ran into the school. They were going to do a role call to find out who jumped the fence to escape school, but because no one saw me come back in, I think I was safe, aside from the green item in my pocket (risk of brainrot, you get a random green rarity item every time you complete the stage boss, I guess I couldn't have had one without leaving school). So I threw it down the stairs, which were at least 4 stories tall and made of metal with catwalks connecting them. I do not know what inspired this place but it made for a fun viewing experience as everyone running around bumped the item (which are physics objects for some reason).

When I got to class I found myself in a code competition of some sorts where we had to make an interface to control a drone using spore (I don't know what a video game would have to do with it). Everyone was sat on the carpeted floor, using their laptops. I was late and someone named Alice already had a working prototype, but she published it on github accidentally (I don't know how you could do that accidentally). That allowed me to use it as a starting point, obviously I couldn't change a few things and submit it as my own. typically in these sorts of competitions, the winners are decided by who submits a working solution first. that usually means that anyone who has personal projects that they can pull related features from wins. I had no such projects so I definitely couldn't win, what I was doing with Alice's code was learning from it. I couldn't get it to run though, as it needed spore to be installed and I did not have steam on a school laptop (I think this whole thing was a plot for the school to get our steam profiles so we could get in trouble for being in game when we should be studying or at home while sick or similar). The judges were walking around and they saw that I had Alice's interface open, and because it had her name on it, apparently they thought I was in a team with her (the event was solo). Alice came up to them and after we explained things to them, and that I was definitely not going to win, they left us alone. Since I was the only person who managed to get a copy of Alice's code before she took it down, she told me that she'd love to be on a team with me in some future event.
