---
---

I was on the FBI's most wanted list and I was hiding out in my house but my room was like that of a little girls. The FBI raided my place and kidnapped everyone but before they got to me, I shapeshifted into a little girl. However, they still kidnapped me. We ended up driving to a mall that had christmas decorations up. We got out and walked to a bench in the middle of a part of a path that went like ߆ downhill. We were sitting on the left side of the bend and there was a big projector screen on the right. There were people walking up and down the path. I was sitting to the right of a small boy with a gun who was a detective apparently. There was a girl who looked like his bigger sister on his left and to my right was someone who was adult sized but I never saw their face, probably their parent? Anyways the boy and me were holding the gun together while the adult on the right plus someone related to me were playing a skiing videogame on the big screen with controllers. I think the FBI made us a deal that if we won then they'd let us go free. but I got bored of waiting and used my full strength to wrestle the gun away from the boy, I then shot everyone who was against us. but then the mall security came to arrest us, so I reversed time to just before we sat down. I heard the thoughts of the boys sister, "Did that girl just teleport a little bit?", "Why does everything feel like jello?". I don't think she caught on to it but then a FBI guy came from behind to watch us which didn't happen previously. He started throwing random giant polystyrene objects to distract us so we lose, but it didn't work. One of the objects bonked me on the head and I woke up.
