---
---

I was watching a student film where there were around 8 people hanging out in a train sitting down around the same table. It was one of those fancy trains where you can get food - everyone had just finished eating, judging by the general disarray of the table. Two of them were dressed as Batman and Robin. Everyone seems to be getting along until Robin says something that pisses Batman off, causing him to pull out a gun and point it at Robin. The whole table goes silent then Batman says "Robin, if you don't like me that much then...", Batman points the gun at his own head and continues "you should just shoot me right now". He then hands the gun to Robin, handle first. everyone at the table watches in suspense as Robin takes the gun and replies, "You know what, Batman?", he pauses for a second, "Why don't we shoot each other?", he says while pulling out and screwing on a double ended coupler to the end of his pistol. Batman pulls out another gun and screws it on to the end of Robin's, the camera zooms in to one of the other students and he whispers "they've made frotpistols". The camera then pulls out to reveal Batman and Robin in a standoff with their fingers on the triggers of their pistols, and everyone sitting around them, watching intently, sort of like an arm wrestling match - Batman and Robin staring at each other intensely. The camera zooms in to Batman's trigger being pulled, then Robin's, making you think for a second that Batman won, but then it shows the two guns filling the frame and both triggers being pulled at the same time. It then fades to black with the text "to be continued" exactly where the guns were.

I'm in the room with the same people in the film, I had just showed them their own film from 7 years ago, I think most of them have forgotten about it. I then said to them, "guys I want part 2". I think everyone looked up to me for some reason because they all shook their heads in agreement.
