---
---

I was in the school library preparing for a trip with a couple of my friends. We were apparently going on a flight to somewhere far because my teacher says she wish she put anime on her phone. I said that I can get her some anime from my computer so I reached for my phone but it wasn't there - guess I forgot it. After that we went to the hall because there were some pizza boxes with our names on them. Along with the pizza there were letters to each of us that said something about a mystery. it was about someone important getting kidnapped so we called off the trip. My phone was with the pizza boxes too, I guess who ever orchestrated this thing stole it, some apps were missing and settings were changed so I left the phone because it was obviously bugged (but who would be able to unlock it? persona?). The rest of the dream was us going to various locations based on the clues in the pizza letters. One of the people with me (no clue where he was from, he wasn't in the library, nor did he get a pizza letter) was saying things like "why do your ideas always work". I told the teacher that he was being rude so she told me to write what he did on a piece of paper. as expected, I wasn't able to write letters properly while dreaming. so I said screw it and duplicated the guy two times. this seemed counterproductive, but after I put all three of them in a row, they disappeared like gems in bejewelled. I think I woke up after that, I'm sad that I never got to solve the pizza box mystery.
