---
---

I played PSO2 NGS and there was a new nadereh concert that had the lyrics "dreaming of your starless heart".  
Tt sounded like a jazz version of only the intro of this song
{{< youtube PfrH6eFHt8Y >}}

Later, I had to break into someone's house to get their car keys because I wanted to get into their car for some reason. I was sneaking around their house looking for the car keys but I didn't find them. I found my self in a situation where someone was about to exit their room and go into the passage, so I had to decide which way I'd go at a junction so that they wouldn't see me. I picked wrong and just as they were about to see me, I tried rewinding time but it didn't work, then a prompt came up asking if I wanted to be a vampire, so naturally I accepted it because otherwise I would get caught. I then became invisible, snuck around and found the car keys.  
However, when I got to the car there were two strangers standing near it. One guy was William and the other guy was Billiam. I think William was a vampire hunter because he spotted me when I was invisible to everyone else. Luckily he didn't want to harm me because he was retired. He gave me his flintlock pistol for some reason and told me to keep them safe (why would a vampire need a pistol? I think maybe it was his way of showing peace since it was his vampire hunter pistol). I didn't know how to drive so I gave him the keys and we drove off to the mall.  
I started running around the mall, playing with my vampire super speed, but William was always watching me. Just before we left (I don't even know why I was there), I decided to give a quick run through of the women's clothing section, there wasn't anything cute, but William, who I think recognised me pre-transition, asked for my name and I said "I am Samara the vampire, your mom fears me", and then let out a witch-like laughter. he started calling me by name after that which was very nice.  
On our way out I spotted one of my tech art projects, it was a CRT TV with a camcorder on the back (when did I join the future gadget lab?). I called it "recordo-tron-chan" because it could record and was a small flatron tv. After looking at it, I noticed that there was a lady looking at it too, she looked young so I said, "miss, you're probably too young to recognise this object". But as I looked at her, I recognised her feet as my girlfriend's feet (Samara the vampire lore: she likes feet). I kissed her and then said I had to go.  
Not sure what happened but after we left the mall I found myself at a company reward ceremony for something where I won adidas shoes, but they were not cute. So I traded with a coworker for their silicone sculpture that they won as a prank gift.
