---
---

I moved into an old apartment with two of my friends. We were looking around the place and I spotted a slight gap in the wall texture near the bedroom. I pressed onto the wall and it slid away, revealing a secret area filled with random electronics. At the back there was what looked like a giant vending machine that was branded with Dr. Pepper. As we stepped further in, towards the machine, the landlord barged in and told us to not go near it. She ran up towards the secret doorway and started shouting at us that it's dangerous. I touched the machine with hands that didn't look like mine, and the top opened up, as we got in I noticed that I'm Kurisu from Steins;Gate. That meant this had to be a time machine. unfortunately the machine's console was destroyed so all the smashed up screen displayed was "error" along with various glitchy coloured patterns. I pressed the big green button and the machine started doing something anyways, one of my friends said it's like we're talking to the heart of the machine. White particles started glowing in the air and I told my friends to "protect me in the past" as we were warped to sometime during my childhood. I didn't come along, however, I was observing in a third person freecam somehow - probably something to do with the heart of the machine or whatever. This trip had to do with stopping an event that caused me to lose my memory, they had figured that part out and managed to locate child me playing on a bicycle. I woke up before I could figure out what they were supposed to be protecting me from.
