---
---

I was a shapeshifting quartz dragon. I had gone back to school to seek shelter from someone evil because my heavy attack ability had been temporarily disabled. I intended to just hide there until the ability came back, so I climbed onto a railing that was like a cat walkway and went all around the building. Up there I saw a paper that had a picture of a quartz dragon with the text "heavy attack disabled". I had to hide the paper (no idea where it's from, but if my enemy found it then they could kill me). While searching for a place to hide it, I walked into one of the occupied classrooms and was spotted by my teacher. she started questioning me about the final project I had submitted. It was a video montage of how me and some friends acquired and decorated the first floating christmas tree set to some music. She said that the music choice was mediocre even though I didn't choose any of the songs. she then started interrogating me about why it took us so long based on the dates in the video. December 14 was missing, apparently. So she wanted my browser history for that day. I told her to speak to a lawyer. I was about to fly off but my heavy attack ability had come back, so I body slammed into her and turned her into a red mist. I then flew away because I was no longer in danger if my enemy found me (I have no idea who this enemy is).

Later, I became The Doctor and Mr Who and his Assistant were chasing after me (I have never watched Dr Who so none of this is based on anything). I think they were immortal and if they caught me I would die. I trapped them in a dimension where I could somewhat control everything. My first try was to make it an infinite hallway with various obstacles but they always seemed to catch up after a couple years. Eventually I settled on a hiking trail through a forest that is very hard to climb through, going on for miles and wrapping around itself like a giant planet. Once I was ahead enough of them, meaning they were buried under several hundred layers of the planet I had made, I started heating the planet up to burn off all of the volatiles, apparently I had made it with a large portion of gold so that it would turn into a giant ball of gold when heated enough. I covered myself in a magic shield while this was happening so I was unharmed. I then teleported away from my dimension and they didn't follow, so I can only assume they're trapped there forever. but when I woke up I still feel like I'm being chased.
