---
---

There was a magical barrier on the street that when passed would transport you to a magical world where inanimate objects turn into living beings like in Deltarune. In order to gain magic powers, you had to eat sheets of foiled paper. It's like trying to swallow a pile of metal shavings. I don't remember much of what happened there, but I remember it being a fun experience (aside from eating paper).

Later, I was at some kind of nighttime event at a rich person's house (probably yours). There was some british guy leading the event and we didn't like him for some reason. So one of my friends climbed on top of a wall and rigged a trap to drop waffles and syrup on his head. I was on the wall keeping lookout. When the waffles fell, the event guy looked up and spotted me first, and shouted for the guards to get me, luckily I had pulled up my hood so all he said was "guards! get the brown kid- I mean black figure!". There was a palisade fence that has the magical barrier from earlier, but the only spot to squeeze through it was covered in sharp metal spikes. My friend went through first and they were seemingly unhurt. When I tried to go through I ended up losing some fingers to the fence, I asked my friend how she got through and she said, "I chopped all my fingies off, and now I have dog paws!". So I did the same and transformed into an anthro cat. After getting to the other side, I was stupid enough to ask about how chopping only my fingers protects my body. My friend said "it doesn't" and my body proceeded to split in half at my waist, causing my lower half to burst into white pixel art eggs. The evil guy responded with a chicken attack that covered the floor in brown eggs, now to get my body back I had to sort out the white eggs from the brown ones. Luckily I had learned a spell that could do it when I ate that paper earlier. I lifted up my eggs and they coalesced into a glob of white before merging with my body, after I got my body together, I defeated the evil guy and went home.
