---
---

I was in a remote boarding school somewhere in the countryside. I retained all my knowledge but was in a kids body. I'm not sure exactly what happened but I think I discovered that something was wrong with the milk that we were being given every day. I showed one of the teachers pictures of the dates on the milk and how they stopped matching up with the current date (no idea how this proves anything). She got really mad at me and locked me out of my school phone, but I turned it off so she didn't get to delete the photos (I guess they really are some kind of damning evidence). I knew that they would do something bad to me so I ran to the end of the field and jumped over the fence. Apparently an adult's pain tolerance with the dexterity of a child can do crazy things. But a teacher saw me and started chasing me, so I threw my bag at her legs and broke them. She was lying on the floor in pain lol. After I ran far enough I ended up in space (was this school actually a space platform?). I remember suffocating but then I woke up as a [rappy](https://phantasystar.fandom.com/wiki/Rappy) floating in space. apparently [ARKS](https://phantasystar.fandom.com/wiki/ARKS) turn into rappies when their bodies are in danger (this sounds like real lore but it's not). I then found myself in a space suit and turned into a child version of Kasane Teto. I woke up after that, but I think [Suletta](https://gundam.fandom.com/wiki/Suletta_Mercury) would have rescued me with her Gundam if I continued dreaming.
