---
---

I was in someone's yard but they had concrete instead of sand or grass. I had to find a hose to wash the dirt on the floor away, but the first one I found had an incorrect fitting for the tap. So I walked around the corner and found another hose that was correct. However it belonged to someone else, some crazy guy that looked like Russel Brand, and he had a knife. he said he would cut me open but then I kissed him on the cheek and he gave me his knife and the hose. After washing away the dirt, I walked around the corner to give the knife back, but the layout had changed so I had to go down some stairs, outside a door was a fat guy who looked like a government spy, so I kissed him to stun him and then cut his throat. I took his keys and entered his apartment, on a table next to the entrance was a tiny brief case that contained SD cards. I took it and ran away from the building, just in time because it exploded after I left.

I found myself in a theatre for a PSO2 NGS movie featuring Matio and Aina. I was cosplaying as Aina and hiding behind one if the seats. There was a point in the movie where Aina went missing, and I had to run out to the exit at that point (what a weird job). Some guy spotted me a couple minutes before the scene so I told him that if he is quiet then I'll give him a kiss. When the time came, I shattered like a glass card from Balatro and reappeared in the middle of the front of the theatre. The guy that spotted me earlier was there, so I kissed him in front of everyone, and they all cheered as I ran to the exit.

After that, I was in some employees only area, probably after the movie, hanging out with some people. My nephew was there and he was playing with my phone. I saw big titties on the phone screen so I snatched it away from him. he was on a website about buying breastmilk which prompted me to say "nice fetish kid, too bad you can't milk these" while folding my boobs. He ran off crying for some reason.
