---
---

I was in the process of movingly to somewhere in Europe. I got a job as a convenience store clerk and I was dressed like Jill from VA-11 Hall-A. It didn't pay much so I was looking for something else to do, but I had to keep the convenience store job for visa reasons. On the news, I heard a story about a new organised crime group that has been very successful and I thought about joining them. Someone came into the store and said "hey are you Lima Smashburger?", this pissed me off enough for me to go home for the day.

I had my friend Vilkis pick me up, we talked about the crime group and made a plan to join them mid heist. We figured out the next location that they would hit somehow, I remember a montage with a board filled with red string, seems legit. I don't know how Vilkis got us guns and black clothes with ski masks, and he said not to ask. We had someone drive by the heist location in a pickup truck, we jumped out when they slowed down. While waiting around the corner we saw the crime group walking towards their destination, so we threw smoke bombs but they were quickly blown away by a tornado that was sweeping the area. This still worked as a diversion while we killed 4 members of their crew and replaced them. We then walked up to the location, which was an abandoned building that had a Line Strike card pinned to the wall. I guess it was a rare card? After entering, the gang played a little game to see who would be in front while we defended from a rival gang. It was a game of chicken to see who would stop first when walking towards a wall, everyone walled slower than me so I reached the wall first, that meant I had to go in front. But there was a concrete pipe in the centre of the floor so it didn't feel unsafe. We watched the entrances and killed the rivals as soon as they entered the building, I don't think they expected us to be here. After we got the card and fled to a safe location, everyone unmasked and that's when they realised we're not their crew. So they pulled their guns on us, but we did the same. We explained that the tornado took their crew away so we saw it as an opportunity to step in. They said we're good so we can stay with them, we got our cuts of the money and left. I told Vilkis that this is what we're doing from now on, he warned me that if we get caught we're going to prison for many years. but if I get caught after returning to South Africa, I'll get tried there and can escape a long sentence because the system is corrupt (this seems lore accurate?).
