---
---

I was in highschool, hanging out with my two best friends. We were looking for our goth friend (I don't think she's based in reality). We decided to go inside the vents for the basement, since the basement was locked. After squeezing ourselves into a service door that was on the outside of the ground floor, we proceeded to go up some metal stairs. The vents were a tight squeeze so my one friend had her butt get stuck against the walls, luckily I was behind her so I pushed her forward until she was unstuck, she said "any harder and I would've fallen in love with you". My butt got stuck at the same spot but there was no one behind me, so I pulled out an inflatable thingie inside a drawstring bag and put it behind me (by pushing it through the gap between my thighs). It started to inflate on its own but it needed the string to be pulled for the inflation to carry on. so I pulled out an electronic floss gadget that could wind itself and used it to pull the string (go go gadget Sam). Once I was free and picked up my gadgets, my friend said "ok now I'm really in love with you".  
After we got to the top of the vents and entered the basement (but we went up from the ground floor, how is this the basement?), we found our goth friend kissing her twink boyfriend but she was in the corner of the room which was filled with flattened cardboard boxes. We had to carefully navigate to the end of the box stack as they squished beneath us. When we got to them, the goth girl gave us the key (so she locked herself in here?). We then took the regular stairs down to the actual basement.  
On the ground floor there was a room with clear tanks around the windows that were filled with popcorn, the student council people working there said they fill the tanks depending on the level of the popcorn in the silos (the school has popcorn silos? what?). I had lost my phone during the whole thing so I had someone from the council locate it using their Apple Compass™
