---
---

I was on a school field trip where we went to the Trump gas station book store to get a free book. I found a cute yuri novel but when I went to buy it I was told that it was now "red labelled" by Trump. I got scared of what that meant so I put it down and went around asking people about it but no one would tell me, until I found Trump himself. I asked him and he said "see my darling, that means my people said this book is one of the worst books, you don't want to read it. this book is the worst and my people said so. if you read it you will be the worst, and they will know. everyone will know". meaning that if I buy it, he will announce to the whole school that I like unsavoury content - whatever everyone already known that I'm the queerest of all queers. but when I went back to buy the book (can't get it for free :/), I couldn't find it, instead I was found by one of the guards and questioned. Apparently the field trip had ended. The guard was asking me the usual things like "who are you?", "where are your parents?", etc until he got to "do you think Trump is a pedo?" I said yes and he said "Okay darling, you're a real one, we're going up". He called an elevator to the top floor of the building, which I guess was Trumps house. he then said "we can't have you going up looking like that, let me flat pack you". A giant glass tube, about 30cm wide, started rising from the ground beneath my feet and I had to figure out how to position myself to fit inside. It was an uncomfortable tight squeeze, but then he started the vacuuming process where everything was squeezed out of me and I was turned into a cylinder about as big as a monster can. When we got up to the top floor, he put me into the body of my choice, so I chose a cat. Unfortunately up there, the system controls and monitors you. I couldn't do anything it didn't want me to do, so I couldn't trash the place. It was comfortable being a cat and laying around in the sun, however.
