---
---

I went to the corner store with a friend after school. It was foggy like in silent hill, we joked about the spooky atmosphere and how crazy it would be if there was a serial killer hiding in the fog. As we left the store, a guy in a trenchcoat snuck up behind my friend and blew a hole in his chest cavity with a cursed dagger that was recently awoken (it requires sacrifices to get stronger). The dagger looks like a regular one but with curved bits of metal swooping away from it, going from the handle towards the blade, seemingly impossible to hold. the killer seemed shocked by what they had done so I had time to escape into the fog. The incident was on the news, but they didn't know I was a witness. I had a cursed dagger too, so I swore to get revenge by awakening it as well. The next day at school, instead of leaving my bag in the classroom during break, I had left it outside because my dagger didn't want to be in the classroom for some reason (it spoke to me), so I left my bag outside. The speaking dagger meant I was on the right seed for today (not sure how or what you need to reroll to awaken your dagger). No clue why I left my bag outside instead of taking the dagger out but it got stolen (?), probably just someone playing a prank by hiding a random bag. when the lunch break had ended, I noticed my missing bag and told the teacher. She called me a silly girl and sent me outside to find my bag. Luckily I was able to locate it at the back of the playground by listening for the sound of my dagger. I had also found the culprit hiding behind the building, so I decided to kill them with my dagger, I had to awaken it eventually and I didn't feel bad about killing someone who had wronged me. School ended without incident, no one had found the body yet. While going home however, it was similarly foggy to the night when my friend got killed.

While I was leaving, one of my classmates (I think his name was Faheed), snuck behind some shipping containers and tried to attack me from behind with his dagger. I had rolled a god seed where two dagger users end up awakening at the same time - but now was not the time to be impressed at my insane gambling skills, I had to escape. I used the super speed from the dagger to dodge his attacks but that only made him more angry (probably the rage of the dagger, they are sentient beings too). It seems the dagger can create gadgets that you imagine? so the first thing I thought of was the grappling hook and parachute from Just Cause 2. I used them to grapple to a far away building and then glide away with the parachute, staying in the air by grappling to nearby buildings to give me a speed boost. Faheed noticed this and imagined a minigun with his dagger and tried to shoot me out of the sky. Luckily his aim was complete ass so he missed every shot. He then imagined a grappling hook of his own and started chasing me. Using his dagger he spoke to me telepathically via my dagger. He wanted to know something about the killer that was on the news. I think he knew that I was there on the night of the original incident, but because I wasn't saying anything about it he assumed I had done it. I explained that it wasn't me and I was planning to get revenge on the killer myself, so I didn't want to involve the cops since they would detain me, wasting valuable time. Even after knowing this, he still wanted to kill me because according to his dagger, "there can be only one". Perhaps that's why he wanted to kill the dagger user on the news, not for revenge on then for killing our friend, but to be the only one. He texted me an image that he had acquired somehow that was related to the killer (I don't remember what it was). He wanted to know how to find the location it was taken at.

I wasn't going to reveal my secrets so I told him "imageboard". No clue what I was getting at, I guess I was trying to mislead him so I could kill him before he kills me. But he was much stronger than me, and I guess that translates to dagger ability. I grabbed onto a train hoping to get away from him so that I could go home and rest for a bit. My dagger had one kill on it so it'll get stronger overnight. The train has worked and I managed to get home safely, but I had to do some research on my laptop. after turning it on, I raced to turn off the wi-fi so I could close Discord. If Faheed saw me online he would know to look for my house (no clue how he would locate it though), but better to be safe. After closing anything that would expose my location, I turned the wi-fi back on and began checking online for any news about the killer. My dagger told me that if I killed the original killer, mine could absorb its power and become more than twice as strong. Which is probably what he was trying to do with me. Sadly I woke up before I could get revenge on the killer
