---
---

I was an investigator looking into a case where a policeman got their badge stolen by a guy who "fell from the sky". I was having lunch with my coworkers, sitting around a table in a park. I suddenly had a eureka moment and cracked the case but one of my coworkers didn't want me to retrace the steps of the killer so he stood in front of the trapdoor that led to the "suspect transformation booth". Lucky I had a hand drill on me so I knocked the door blocker guy to the ground but then my other coworker knocked me to the ground before I could do anything. He then tied up my legs and hands and replaced the handle on my hand drill with one that has more leverage. He then untied me and let me drill a hole through the torso of the door blocker guy - no idea that was was about. I entered the trapdoor, it led to a small pizza oven on the main street. A little girl spotted me leaving the pizza oven as a greasy old guy and hid behind her mom - the transformation booth had worked - I was now in a simulation, back in time on the day of the incident. I walked to the scene of the crime and noticed that the suspect had hidden a giant ramp in his yard which he used to fling himself over his wall and onto the policeman. Somehow I had the keys to the house so I walked in and looked at the Rube Goldberg contraption that the guy had set up. He had a giant ramp made out of several wooden half pipes, probably made out of stolen from the local skate park. There was a scissor lift mechanism to lift up the ramp from a hole that was dug in his garden. It would slowly raise the ramp until it reaches the maximum, and then it would collapse and fall back into the hole in pieces, hiding the evidence. I had the suspects memories which we had scanned from him when we detained him, so I was able to deduce that he used a soccer ball to break his fall when dropping into the halfpipe, for some reason. The suspect had a camera monitor rigged up so he could time the jump perfectly for when the officer goes down the road on his daily walk. I tried recreating the incident but I miscalculated and broke my wrists - I had to time it perfectly so that I use the officer to break my fall. After I body slammed the officer and grabbed their badge, I spotted the get away vehicle parked nearby. So I noted down the plate - it matched the one that witnesses saw driving erratically during that morning.
