---
---

There was apparently something wrong with my medication, I think monotherapy wasn't working properly or something. I was looking for information about my implant but I couldn't find anything so I walked into a clinic to ask them questions but there wasn't anyone who could help me. I eventually gave up and decided to book an expensive appointment with my doctor. After leaving, I kneeled down and I placed my phone and teddy bear on the ground while I was busy tying my shoes. Then two creepy guys walked past, one of them grabbed my phone and started messing with it. I managed to grab it back but by then it was somehow an older phone with a really laggy screen. I asked the guy what he did but he didn't want to answer. All they said was "hey there's a teddy bear like that one listed on marketplace, we know where you live". It seems as he swapped my phone with an older one, and somehow moved all my data within seconds. I followed him while asking him questions but he didn't want to answer me. So I grabbed a brick off the ground and started hitting him on the head with it. The guy's replies got less intelligible as I dealt more blows to his head. Eventually the other guy called for backup but by then the main guy had turned into a cat, a somewhat chubby dark skinned hairless cat whose name was apparently bubsquat. I thought this was another one of his tricks so I hit him on the head with the brick one more time and he just looked at me with his tongue out. Backup had arrived and I think it was his brother, he saw me and the cat and said "bubsquat! we've been looking all over for you!". I asked him if he had a brother who can shapeshift but he said no, he's the only sibling. I was petting bubsquat while crying a lot. I woke up crying. I'm sorry bubsquat.
