---
---

I was in school, apparently my final year of highschool but I had missed the first few days. Luckily I was in colouring class, we had to draw some palm trees or something, not really sure but I finished my work and handed it to the teacher on my way out. then I found myself walking outside the school while looking at my little gay notebook (it had the lesbian pride flag on the cover), inside was the timetable for this year. I couldn't read the text for what the next class would be, but luckily someone was walking with me an mentioned that I'm looking at the previous year's timetable. "sorry, wrong timesheet", I said as I flipped to the back of the book where I put this year's stuff. I flipped past several drawings of [Saya](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saya_no_Uta:_The_Song_of_Saya). My friend asked me who that was and all I said was "my waifu". Turns out that final year students get the rest of the day off on tuesdays. So I headed to one of my other friend's weddings that was happening in a building not far from school. Everyone was gathered outside at like a pre-wedding party while they prepared the venue. There was one sliding door to enter the place (sounds like a fire code violation). I didn't have an invitation so I was just hanging out for the vibes. Once the time came for the wedding they opened the door and called everyone in, then shut the door. I was still outside wondering how I could get inside, then I remembered the ring bearers rule: anyone with the ring can get into the wedding without an invite. So I reversed time by sticking my hand out like Max from _Life is Strange_. Then I clenched my fist to freeze time and it made a Luther bong sound. I then ran back where everyone came from to try to find the ring, but all I found was a bunch of gold rings lying around, which I sold for money by squeezing them between my hands. Eventually I found Gollum, I picked him up and slammed him into the ground repeatedly until he dropped the ring. Then I headed back toward the entrance. On my way there I found a locked chest that didn't want to open until now, probably the power of the ring opened it. Inside was a smaller chest and inside that was a small box that contained a sapphire ring. Maybe that was the actual wedding ring and I misunderstood the assignment? Anyways I headed back to the entrance with both rings and walked inside. It was kinda cramped with pyrotechnic flame thingies next to the grill, which for some reason looked like it was made out of a wooden park bench with coals underneath it. Someone put a giant tomahawk steak on the top and it started sizzling. There was another bench adjacent to that one which had cheese underneath it. I cut a piece of cheese and started eating it, then I woke up.

I'm sad that I never got to figure out what I was going to do with the rings.
